[Migration] Implement testing section and add two excel samples (#887)
OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples: ADD_SAMPLE_INTO_DEV_KIT.md

## Testing

> TBD

Reviewer: Larger design question:

Why do we have two extensions instead of an option in the Dev Kit to use a different repo branch?

Author: This is a temporary solution. After the migration is done and GA version of Dev Kit released. Users can use the store version with env variable set to directly test sample gallery. No need to download and install a test package.

> 1. Download the [test package](./assets/dev-kit-test-package.vsix).

Reviewer: We should give users a little more indication this link is to a file that'll download.
```suggestion
1. Download the [test package extension](./assets/dev-kit-test-package.vsix).
```

> 2. Set the environment variable `OTK_SAMPLE_CONFIG_BRANCH` to `dev` or other branch with a valid [sample-config.json](./.config/sample-config.json) of this repo on your devbox. Setting this env variable will force sample gallery to consume the config of dedicated branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set the environment variable `OTK_SAMPLE_CONFIG_BRANCH` to `dev` or other branch with a valid [sample-config.json](./.config/sample-config.json) of this repo on your development machine. Setting this variable will force sample gallery to use the config in the dedicated branch instead of `main`.
```

> 3. Uninstall the installed Office Add-ins Development Kit and install the `dev-kit-test-package.vsix` manually in VSCode.

Reviewer: I think if you ask people to download the test package as step 1, they might install it then. Consider reordering these steps to have uninstalling the dev kit be first, then combine the download and install test package steps later.

> 4. Open Dev Kit. Select `View Samples` to view sample gallery and do testing. 

Reviewer: Should this refer to the test package extension instead of the Dev Kit instead?

Author: Fixed
